Key Events ▪ Family dispute sparked armed clashes in Zawiya. ▪ Protests over power outages and airstrikes erupted in Tajoura, Janzour, and Zawiya, with roads briefly blocked and tires set ablaze. ▪ Fuel shortages in Tripoli and western areas, causing long queues and station closures. General Threat Assessment and Risk Level by SRM Areas A screen shot of a chartDescription automatically generatedA map of the state of egyptDescription automatically generated  Detailed List of Incidents  Developments Impacting United Nations Personnel, Premises, and Operations ▪ NSTR.  Developments Affecting the International Community and INGO Partners ▪ NSTR. Tripoli ▪ On 4 August 2025, during late night, in Tripoli, a migrant was found naked and suffering a stab wound to the neck. According to the victim, the assault was carried out by a group of Ghanaian migrants. The victim was discovered by local youths who alerted authorities. ▪ On 4 August 2025, during evening hours, in Tajoura, angry protesters blocked the coastal road at the traffic light and set tires on fire, expressing their dissatisfaction with the frequent, long-hour power outages. These actions come due to the worsening electricity crisis in the capital and several other Libyan cities. ▪ On 4 August 2025, during night hours, in Janzour, angry protestors gathered by the traffic light and set tires on fire, in condemnation of the prolonged power cuts. The protest concluded shortly later with no untoward incidents. ▪ On 4 August 2025, during daytime, the Maritime Rescue Unit reported 49 drowning cases recorded over the past two months along the coastal areas. ▪ On 4 August 2025, during daytime, in Tripoli, a two-year-old girl was bitten by a venomous snake; the victim survived after medical assistance at Al-Hadba Al-Khadra Hospital. ▪ On 4 August 2025, during daytime hours, in Tripoli, the Investigations Unit of the Law Enforcement Administration arrested a suspect wanted by the Public Prosecution in connection with a drug trafficking case. ▪ On 4 August 2025, during daytime, in Tripoli and the western region, long queues of vehicles were reported at fuel stations, with several stations forced to close due to fuel shortages. The Ministry of Interior under the GNU clarified that the disruption in fuel distribution was caused by an administrative failure. No further information is available. Western Region ▪ On 4 August 2025, during afternoon hours, in the Sayyida Zeinab area of Zawiya, armed clashes erupted between members of the Al-Ouzi family and affiliates of Haitham Al-Mufajjar. The clashes reportedly erupted following the killing of a man named Sand Al-Ouzi the night before by Al-Mufajjar’s group due to a family dispute. The situation went back to normal shortly afterward. ▪ On 4 August 2025, during night hours, in Zawiya, angry locals gathered and temporarily closed the coastal road at al-Somoud gade, in condemnation of the UAV airstrikes targeting Zawiya city. The situation reportedly went back to normal shortly afterward. ▪ On 4 August 2025, during daytime hours, in Gharyan, a restaurant was shut down following a mass food poisoning incident caused by contaminated meat. ▪ On 5 August 2025, during noon hours, in Misrata, unknown gunmen stopped a local citizen and stole a car he had purchased earlier today from a showroom in Tripoli, under threat with arms. Eastern Region ▪ On 4 August 2025, during nighttime, in Jalu, a Sudanese national died while attempting to steal electrical cables. ▪ On 4 August 2025, during daytime, in Tobruk, the Anti-Illegal Immigration Agency deported 250 irregular migrants via Tobruk International Airport to Sabha Airport, in preparation for their repatriation to their countries. ▪ On 4 August 2025, during evening hours, in Tobruk, Security Forces (SF) arrested approximately 350 irregular migrants of various nationalities in a security operation conducted across the province. ▪ on 5 August 2025, in Musaid bordering city with Egypt, truck drivers gathered and protested the imposition of 1,100 dinar fee by a private company at the Musaid port without any official procedures. Southern Region ▪ On 4 August 2025, during daytime, in Sabha, the Security Directorate arrested a Nigerien national practicing nursing without a licence or medical qualifications. The suspect had allegedly administered an injection to a national counterpart girl, resulting in her death. The resective individual reportedly attempted to mislead authorities by claiming her death was due to illness. ▪ On 4 August 2025, during daytime hours, in Sabha, Al-Jadid Police Station arrested three local suspects in connection with a theft case involving 41k LYD, gold jewellery, and gas cylinders. The suspects confessed during questioning, and the stolen items were recovered. Regional Scope ▪ On 4 August 2025, the PC Chairman Mohamed Menfi met with the First Vice President of the Islamic Republic of Iran, Mohammad Reza Aref, at his residence in the city of Avaza in Turkmenbashi, on the sidelines of the Third United Nations Conference on Developing Countries. During the meeting, ways to enhance cooperation between Libya and the Islamic Republic of Iran were discussed, with a focus on mechanisms for activating joint committees, particularly in the economic field.               